What is OAuth 2.0:
    OAuth - Open + Authorization

Actors in OAuth Framework:
 - Resources Owner: Resources owner is the user who owns the information and capable of granting access to this information.
 - Client: A clinet can we a web application, mobile application or postman that sends http requests to access user information.
 - Resources Server: A Resources server is that server that hosts the user information.
 - Authorization Server: An Authorization server is the server that generated access token to the client Application after successful
                         authenticaton.

OAuth Client Types:
 -> For a Client Application to communicate with Authorization server it need to register with authenticaton server and get its client Id 
    and client secret key. the client id and secret key are required to communicate eachother securely.
 -> To recognize the client application the authorization server requires client id and sometimes authenticaton server also requires client
    secret but not all client applications can store the client secret securely so they are divied into two types.
    1. Confidential Client (Secure app running on server). - can keep client secret safe.
    2. public Client (Native apps on user Device, Single Page Browser-based App). - cannot keep client id and client secret safe.
 - Public
 - Confidential

 Access Token: 
-> the token may denote an identifier used to retrive the authorization information or may self-contain the authorization information in 
    a verifiable manner (that is the self contained token string consisting of some data and a signature). access token is of 2 types.
    1. identifier Type - some small 10 to 20 characters string.
    2. self contain the authorization information - very big string as seen in hcn. it is bascially a json object.
    it contains header section, payload section, signature.

In authentication systems, especially with OAuth2 and JWT, there are usually two main types of tokens:
Access Token
   Used to access protected resources (APIs).
   Short-lived for security.
   Sent with each request (usually in the Authorization header).

Refresh Token
   Used to obtain a new access token when the current one expires.
   Longer-lived and more securely stored (often not sent with every request).
   Helps avoid forcing the user to log in again.
   
So, the two main tokens are:
   Access Token
   Refresh Token

OpenId Connect:
 -> the authorization server only provides the token in the form of random string of characters so openID connect add identiy layer that is 
    some basic user data to the token for the current authticated user. so user now also have ID token generated by OpenID connect so Id token
    provides the who the user is and access token provides what resources the user can access to.
    
