My 70 LPA interview experience for SRE role with Google 

How I applied: Through referral for the SSE position

📍Google HR Screening

● What are the HTTP method are? PUT POST DELETE GET
● What is the time complexity of merge sort?
● What are the status code are available?
● What is the difference between PUT and POST?
● What is the website cookies?
● How to check IO Usage for machine? SAR Utilities
● How to Capture and Analyze Network Traffic? Tcpdump
● How to check boot logs in linux? journalctl -b
● What is the significance of SIGKILL?
● Which single will be send to OS when you run kill -9 PID command in linux? SIGKILL
● Caching mechanism?
● How the TCP Handsheek work behind the screen?
● When you deploy web server what are the security measure you would take?
● How the internet work high level?
● Data Structure code was given you need to understand flow and tell them the final output

📍Google RRK1 Interview Questions

● How would you check whether the user has to execute permission or not?
● How do you call the HTTP request method without a browser or curl?
● What are the parameter available in the curl command?
● A different alternative and flavor for curl command?
● What happen we you run the cat command on terminal internal workflow?
● What if I got an error cat command not found what could be the possible issue?
● What if I can’t able to SSH into the remote machine? What is the possible step would
you take to make it possible or check what is the issue?
● It is mandatory to use port 22 for ssh if any other port is possible? ->
https://lnkd.in/dudNUVF5
ction-server-directly
● Practical coding round java code snippet was given?

📍Google RRK2 Interview Questions

● Basic web technology.
● Type of Request
● What Type of status code?
● What is the HTTP method? PUT, POST, DELETE
● What is the difference between PUT & POST?
● Basics of networking, more about OSI model.
● OS Related concepts
● Shell commands for a particular situation.
and some were twisted?
●Explain the OSI model and its protocol?
● Basic Networking commands like nslookup, dig, ping, traceroute.

📍Google GCA + System Desgin

● System Design basic concepts.
● Design Caching Server?
● Design Netflix streaming engine?
● What is a load balancer what is it?

📍Google Googliness + Leadership

● They Check whether you are fit for the company or not.
● Some general questions and then he asked questions related to the role, basically he
wanted to know whether I know about the role.